[FFL-2653] Document Java flag evaluation metrics setup (#37927)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/server/java.md

The Datadog Feature Flags SDK for Java requires:
- **Java 11 or higher**
- **Datadog Java SDK**: Version **1.57.0** or later (**1.62.0** or later for flag evaluation metrics)
- **OpenFeature SDK**: Version **1.20.1** or later

> - **Datadog Agent**: Version **7.55 or later** with [Remote Configuration][1] enabled

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Agreed. Added the Datadog OpenFeature provider (`com.datadoghq:dd-openfeature`) to the compatibility requirements, with the same 1.57.0 floor and 1.62.0-or-later note for flag evaluation metrics. Fixed in ddc23e6.

The Datadog Feature Flags SDK for Java requires:
- **Java 11 or higher**
- **Datadog Java SDK**: Version **1.57.0** or later (**1.62.0** or later for flag evaluation metrics)

> - **Datadog OpenFeature provider** (`com.datadoghq:dd-openfeature`): Version **1.57.0** or later (**1.62.0** or later for flag evaluation metrics)

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Added a note that the examples use the current release `1.63.0` and linked the compatibility minimums, rather than downgrading the examples — `1.63.0` is the version verified in the field, and its POM pins the OpenFeature SDK `1.20.1` shown in the examples. Fixed in 61e32ba.

> - **Datadog OpenFeature provider** (`com.datadoghq:dd-openfeature`): Version **1.57.0** or later (**1.62.0** or later for flag evaluation metrics)

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Good clarification — labeled each line with its artifact: "Datadog Java SDK (`dd-java-agent`, added with `-javaagent`)" and "Datadog OpenFeature provider (`com.datadoghq:dd-openfeature`, added as a build dependency)". Fixed in a503090.

    <dependency>
        <groupId>dev.openfeature</groupId>
        <artifactId>sdk</artifactId>
        <version>1.20.1</version>
    </dependency>

    <!-- Datadog OpenFeature Provider -->
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.datadoghq</groupId>
        <artifactId>dd-openfeature</artifactId>
        <version>1.63.0</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> To emit flag evaluation metrics (the `feature_flag.evaluations` metric), use `dd-openfeature` 1.62.0 or later and add the OpenTelemetry SDK dependencies to your application. For the required dependencies and endpoint configuration, see [Set Up Server-Side Flag Evaluation Metrics](/feature_flags/guide/server_flag_evaluation_metrics/).

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Good point — updated the note to require `dd-openfeature` and the Datadog Java tracer 1.62.0 or later (not just the provider). Fixed in 61e32ba.

    <dependency>
        <groupId>dev.openfeature</groupId>
        <artifactId>sdk</artifactId>
        <version>1.20.1</version>
    </dependency>

    <!-- Datadog OpenFeature Provider -->
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.datadoghq</groupId>
        <artifactId>dd-openfeature</artifactId>
        <version>1.63.0</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
{{< /code-block >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> The examples above pin `1.63.0`. See [Compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) for the minimum supported versions.

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Done — the note now calls out both pinned versions: "The examples above pin `dd-openfeature` `1.63.0` and the OpenFeature SDK `1.20.1`." Fixed in a503090.

> The examples use the current release, `1.63.0`. See [Compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) for the minimum supported versions.

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Fixed — dropped the temporal "current"; the note now reads "The examples above pin `1.63.0`." Fixed in 7892c88.

> The examples above pin `dd-openfeature` `1.63.0` and the OpenFeature SDK `1.20.1`. See [Compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) for the minimum supported versions.

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Already applied — 64b64fc joined these into a single token: "The examples above pin `dd-openfeature:1.63.0` and the OpenFeature SDK `1.20.1`."

> The examples above pin `dd-openfeature:1.63.0` and the OpenFeature SDK `1.20.1`. See the [Compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) section for the minimum supported versions.

Reviewer: Limit maintenance in case the version numbers change in the future, and avoid positional reference ("The examples above") which could lose its meaning if an AI agent chunks the examples and this text separately:
```suggestion
The Grade and Maven installation examples pin specific versions of `dd-openfeature` and the OpenFeature SDK. See [Compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) for the minimum supported versions.
```

> To emit flag evaluation metrics (the `feature_flag.evaluations` metric), use `dd-openfeature` and the Datadog Java tracer 1.62.0 or later, and add the OpenTelemetry SDK dependencies to your application. For the required dependencies and endpoint configuration, see [Set Up Server-Side Flag Evaluation Metrics](/feature_flags/guide/server_flag_evaluation_metrics/).

Author: 🤖 **Response from Claude:** Done — promoted to a new `[8]` reference and tightened the sentence to point at the setup page without restating the version constraints (those live in Compatibility requirements). Fixed in 7892c88.
